LaTeX-Table version 0.9.4

LaTeX::Table provides functionality for an intuitive and easy generation of
LaTeX tables. It ships with some predefined good looking table styles. This module s
upports multipage tables via the C<xtab> package and publication
quality tables with the C<booktabs> package. It also supports the C<tabularx>
package for nicer fixed-width tables. Furthermore, it supports the C<colortbl>
package for colored tables optimized for presentations.

LaTeX makes professional typesetting easy. Unfortunately,
this is not entirely true for tables. Many additional, highly specialized packages are
therefore available on CTAN. This module supports the best packages and
visualizes your in Perl generated or summarized results with high quality. 

INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install


Alternatively, to install with ExtUtils::MakeMaker, you can use the following
commands:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install


Now start the script generate_examples.pl in the examples directory of this
distibution. 

    perl generate_examples.pl
    
This script generates some LaTeX files with some example tables.
Now please compile these examples with LaTeX and check if all tables look ok:

    latex examples.tex
    xdvi examples.dvi
     

PROGRAMS

This module ships with two small utilities. The first, csv2pdf is a CSV to PDF
converter. It is only about 100 lines of code short and only meant as an 
example application, but it is already very powerful. It requires Getopt::Long,
Text::CSV, LaTeX::Encode and LaTeX::Driver, which are not installed during the
installation of this module. 

The second utility is ltpretty. It takes a lazy formatted LaTeX table from 
STDIN (typically piped from Vim or emacs) and outputs a completely formatted
table. This makes this module not only useful for automatically generated
reports, but also saves a lot of typing work in creating custom tables.


DEPENDENCIES

Carp
Class::Std
English
Fatal
Readonly
Scalar::Util
Text::Wrap

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2006-2008, Markus Riester

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
